
What is XBuffy?
===============

Xbuffy was written by Bill Pemberton (wfp5p@virginia.edu) and was based on 
Xmultibiff by John Reardon.  Xmultibiff can be found at ftp.midnight.com.

I was looking for a replacement for XBiff.  I use procmail to separate
my mail into several different mailboxes.  I looked at a lot of
replacements for XBiff until I found Xmultibiff.  Xmultibiff was very
promising, but it didn't do quite what I wanted it to do, so I
modified it to create XBuffy.

Basically, XBuffy (and Xmultibiff) is a XBiff-type program with a lot
of new options.  With XBuffy you can watch multiple mailboxes.  When
new mail arrives, you can have a pop up window showing the From: and
Subject: lines.  You can also set it up to launch your favorite mail
reader when you click on a box.  By default, xbuffy is only capable of
watching mailboxes with the standard Berkeley mailbox format (messages
separated with a From line).  If you have the c-client library
available, xbuffy can be compiled to use that library.  This will give
you access to a lot more mail formats including IMAP, mh, maildir, and
MMDF.

This version also incorporates a feature which will let you monitor
newsgroups in the same way you monitor mailboxes.  It parses your
.newsrc and uses NNTP to monitor any given group or groups.  It will
keep constant track of how many unread articles are in a specified
newsgroup(s).  Also, when new articles come in, it will pop up the From
and Subject lines of the article just like it pops them up for
mailboxes.  Note that this feature won't be able to see new incoming
articles if you are using a version of NNTP prior to 1.5.11t5 (the
problem is with the NNTP server, not Xbuffy).

Xbuffy uses the Athena Widget library and the libDyn package (libDyn
is included here).

To build:

	configure
	make

See the file INSTALL for more detailed instructions.

